you don't want to film by the Taco
Tuesday night I don't care what today
it's Tuesday yeah but it's not gonna air
on a Tuesday sir whose frickin cares oh
okay all right I am so happy to announce
we're gonna hold a contest for all the
food Jack's to watch taco wars send in
your best taco eyes picture let's see it
there it is and if you win you will
receive Jack's famous barbecue sauce two
bottles but you have to live in the u.s.
you can't live on an island in the
Caymans you can't live in Czechoslovakia
I mean you're allowed to live there we
just can't ship there because you know
customs will grab it and they'll drink
it and eat it you'll never get it so the
best taco ice picture send it to Jack
okay whoa what was that what was that
dude did you see those bees that shoot
stuff in your eye and you go blind it's
a go hey dude oh I got the chills right
it's kind of poison your tongue he can't
talk oh I do decide to poison you talk
wise he wants the rest okay looks like
we're uh we had low Sun chest yes those
Sanchez in Garden Grove and yeah Oh Taco
Tuesday what is today tacos yeah
all right Mexican food Sonora style so
let's go check it out I mean dude
seriously nothing gonna be worse than
last week I mean last stop for the last
yeah last episode this is alright let's
go let's go taste it out
okay always a good sign if the police
eat there it's good food they eat
everywhere always a good sign did you
you believe that I totally agree because
these guys are in their car and they
can't ingest bad tacos
no because then they gotta pull over a
lot yeah don't eat fiber food don't eat
fiber bills just hit bad tacos like we
just did last episode last episode yeah
I lost 10 pounds no lie so let's go
check out what the light oh the cops
like what's going on what's going on
dude what do you want sit well in case
you come by yourself right they give you
someone to sit next chummy let's see
we're just picking out our place to sit
right
yeah Steve Martin is in a movie where he
to himself right well if you come solo
you always have a friend right here this
is who's got some he's got some taco
taco eyes those are taco eyes huh
we really liked having a choice so we
started getting more than just one taco
we got the chicken this chickens looking
kind of plain looking too if I'm peeking
inside they're kinda white no seasoning
I don't know how people are afraid of
seasoned there me
and then there's the beef one so you
want to start with chicken or beef let's
do some of the good stuff it's going to
be all right
you want to grab a beef there and a
little beaver don't worry I can cheese
on everything does you want a little
sauce on there are two hardshell yeah
yeah you're a hardshell fan huh I am
you're amazing how you drink the sauce
that is amazing
oh yeah if you eat over those tips
they'll become nachos soon hold my hand
shaking dude a real taco here we go
look at you roma lament mmm look to this
side look to this man and join his taco
or is he the food's fresh it's good to
me but it doesn't be kakatiya la fiesta
in what the Santana coq10 is right yeah
it doesn't their meat they say it
spoiled here and that's how they make it
all tender and wonderful and everything
but there's no seasoning no flavor
whatsoever
and this is my opinion so let's find out
what great things oh yeah I just want to
say one more thing now that I'm outside
I can talk freely who charges for soda
refills where in America do you charge
for soda refills did you notice that I
did like nineteen seventy again yeah
please soda refills are you kidding me
that's just raking people so that was my
opinion wasn't happy about that either
okay dude what do you got well you know
we got to take the bullet for you guys
okay
Yelp Urban Spoon they don't do this for
you so I don't want to hear anything
about us reviewing food and not doing
much because we just reviewed some to
tough taco places this place right here
it looks great the hard shell was great
the cheese was great it just didn't
really get to that point of great
Mexican tacos great atmosphere would I
come back here yeah if Taco Bell is
closed
the guy likes to announce your order
over the PA felt a little excited when
he did that and I like the mannequin
case I'm lonely you know nobody wants to
go out with me that night he'll just
come here hang out with Sanchez but
again this taco is just standard issue
we took the bullet okay so don't pull
over here unless you want just quick
taco and you know just want to satisfy
that the in-laws from Ohio okay so
anyways my votes going to fiesta
taqueria in san
because the flavor you know just you
can't beat that right now and I want you
to have a great day okay
and remember we got a taco ice contest